So, I would like us to visit
the speech production model.
We saw this picture in correspond.
Fund proposed this source
code to theory to remind you.
There is the vocal tract that
varies very very slowly.
And.
That's the filter, and
there is the input, which is the source,
that's driving this filter.
And the source is based the vocal cords.
[INAUDIBLE] signals the vocal chords,
like and for sounds like [SOUND].
There is a random input
into the vocal track.
And sense this vocal track
shape is changing very slowly
depending on the sounds we produce.
We can make a very good
engineering model to approximate.
This production and generate
really good quality speech sounds.
And this is really what
the LPC model does.
So there is an impulse generator running
at the same rate as the pitch period.
There is a noise generator to
simulate sounds like S and
F, and
there is this voiced/unvoiced switch,
and there is the actual linear filter,
the all-pole model which
models the vocal track,
so the task is given
a short segment of speech,
usually 20 to 30 milliseconds.
How do we compute the best
possible parameters,
the filter, the filter gain, pitch period?
And this segment is wise or
unwise by best possible parameters.
What we mean is when we
reconstruct the signal,
it sounds as close to
the original speech as possible.
And when we do this, we can get
point five to one point five bits per
sample, instead of eight bits per sample.